Add chat completions example for LLM API response parsing (#12)
Shopify/flow-code-examples: run-code-examples/http-chat-completions/README.md

## Supported Providers

### OpenAI
- **Documentation**: [OpenAI Chat Completions API](https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/chat/create)
- **Endpoint**: `https://api.openai.com/v1/chat/completions`
- **Models**: GPT-4, GPT-3.5-turbo, etc.

### Anthropic Claude
- **Documentation**: [Anthropic Messages API](https://docs.anthropic.com/en/api/messages)
- **Endpoint**: `https://api.anthropic.com/v1/messages`
- **Models**: Claude 3 Opus, Claude 3 Sonnet, Claude 3 Haiku

### Google Gemini (OpenAI-compatible)
- **Documentation**: [Gemini OpenAI Compatibility](https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs/openai)
- **Endpoint**: `https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/openai/chat/completions`
- **Models**: Gemini 2.0 Flash, Gemini 1.5 Pro, etc.

## How to Use

### Step 1: Configure Send HTTP Request

In your Shopify Flow workflow:

1. Add a "Send HTTP Request" action before the "Run Code" action
2. Configure it with one of the example cURL requests below

> 3. Store your API key in Flow's environment variables for security

Author: ```suggestion
3. Store your API key in Flow's secret storage for security
```

## Flow Variables

In the cURL examples above, you can use Flow variables like:
- `{{product.title}}` - Product title
- `{{customer.email}}` - Customer email
- `{{order.name}}` - Order number
- Any other data available in your workflow trigger or from upstream actions

## Output Structure

The code returns a structured object with:

```javascript
{
  success: Boolean,        // Whether parsing was successful
  error: String,          // Error message if any
  content: String,        // The AI's response text
  model: String,          // Model used (e.g., "gpt-4", "claude-3-sonnet")
  usage: {                // Token usage statistics
    promptTokens: Number,
    completionTokens: Number,
    totalTokens: Number
  },
  finishReason: String,   // Why the response ended (e.g., "stop", "length")
  provider: String        // "openai-compatible" or "anthropic"
}
```

## Error Handling

The parser handles various error scenarios:
- Invalid JSON responses
- Missing required fields
- API error responses
- Network failures
- Unknown response formats

## Security Best Practices

> 1. **Never hardcode API keys** - Use Flow's environment variables

Reviewer: Use Flow secrets?

Author: ```suggestion
1. **Never hardcode API keys** - Use Flow's secret storage
```
